Update User-Forum link (#1641)
openmc-dev/openmc: docs/source/index.rst

Group <http://crpg.mit.edu>`_ at the `Massachusetts Institute of Technology
<http://web.mit.edu>`_ starting in 2011. Various universities, laboratories, and
other organizations now contribute to the development of OpenMC. For more

> information on OpenMC, feel free to send a message to the User's Group `OpenMC Discourse Forum <https://openmc.discourse.group/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
information on OpenMC, feel free to post a message on the `OpenMC Discourse
Forum <https://openmc.discourse.group/>`_.
```
